Job failures are not only inevitable,
they're good, it's the whole point of CI.
Find that bad code as fast as possible and stop it from ruining all the good code.
Sometimes it's enough for the bill to just fail and for the pipeline to stop.
Other times, you want to do something as a result,
maybe send a message or delete a file,
maybe update an API, who knows.
For whatever comes your way,
now you have the ability to handle errors any way you see fit.
Take a look here at the code that I have to test out this when on_fail condition.
You can see here that I have a step that is returning a one,
that is simulating an error message, anything non-zero.
So then that means that this step is going to trigger and it's going
to print out Hello Error to my console.
It's happening all because of when on_fail.